PolyForm Noncommercial License 1.0.0

Copyright (c) 2025 Tercio Labs

Acceptance
By using, copying, distributing, or creating derivative works of the software
(the “Licensed Software”), you and your company accept this license. If you do
not accept the license, do not use, copy, distribute, or modify the Licensed
Software.

Copyright License
The licensor grants you a nonexclusive, worldwide, non-transferable,
non-sublicensable, royalty-free copyright license to use, copy, distribute, and
create derivative works of the Licensed Software, but only for Noncommercial
Purposes.

Patent License
The licensor grants you a nonexclusive, worldwide, non-transferable,
non-sublicensable, royalty-free patent license to make, have made, use, sell,
offer to sell, import, and otherwise practice the Licensed Software, but only
for Noncommercial Purposes.

Noncommercial Purposes
“Noncommercial Purposes” means use that is not intended for or directed toward
commercial advantage or monetary compensation. Noncommercial Purposes include
personal use, research, experimentation, and evaluation, as well as teaching
and learning. Noncommercial Purposes do not include providing a product or
service to third parties for a fee or other consideration, using the Licensed
Software to run or deliver a paid service, or using the Licensed Software in or
for the benefit of a business or organization primarily for commercial
advantage.

No Other Rights
This license does not grant you any rights in the licensor’s trademarks,
service marks, or logos. The Licensed Software may include components licensed
under other terms; those terms govern those components.

Notice
You must keep the following with all copies of the Licensed Software and
derivative works that you distribute: (a) a copy of this license; and (b)
notices of any changes you have made to the Licensed Software.

Excuse
If you are unable to comply with any term of this license because of a court
order, law, or regulation, you must: (a) comply to the maximum extent possible;
and (b) describe the limitations and the code or other work affected.

Termination
If you breach this license, your rights under it terminate automatically. If
you cure your breach within 30 days of discovering it, your rights are
reinstated retroactively. The licensor may bring an action to enforce this
license at any time.

No Warranty
As far as the law allows, the Licensed Software comes as is, without any
warranty or condition, and the licensor makes no representations regarding the
Licensed Software’s quality, accuracy, or fitness for a particular purpose.

No Liability
As far as the law allows, the licensor will not be liable to you for any
damages arising out of or relating to this license or the Licensed Software,
under any legal theory, even if the licensor knew or should have known about
the possibility of such damages.

General
This is the complete agreement between you and the licensor with respect to the
Licensed Software. If any provision is unenforceable, it will be modified to
the extent necessary to make it enforceable without losing its intent.
